start the justice concert in
colombia and we have our winner
that was very judicious reach to carry
its very nice billboard and that sharon and
see our guest that day he chose
as a winner like bad law well many
thank you excited tickets
really quite pretty quarrels not
too much and I'm excited my god I'm going
to see last year but can not
see up close and this year
why and obviously already as I do them
nothing then one if you do the task of joining
very early and take a good position here
side iniste I got more or less to the
noon but still I was full
It was full and the concert starts at
8 and took nine hours here then is
hard also because it's cold sun and like
it was drizzling then it was hard
but good you are going to enter
congratulations for being the winner of
the court ballots with the field have
seen thank you
we have lived today with the emotion of
these girls when receiving for the second time
that in Colombia there is a band from Korea
from the south
I need some questions and so
for example
whom I not only do not
and
and a malta duty of all 7
in front the moments
the speaker
good good is a speaker
this concert I willingly like
you learn by listening to the music too
it's difficult because you almost do not know if
you learn more by watching art programs
but let's say you already like fractions
unthinkable comes a word that
you know
serious
yes she